the met book is our most popular Mac but
what we've what we've done and and we've
made a habit of doing this adapt book is
is we decided just to start over
the new MacBook is a quite remarkable
engineering achievement it really
represents just a complete revolution in
the way that notebooks are made
when traditionally notebooks are made
from multiple parts but the problem is
when you have multiple parts you you add
size and weight and and you increase the
opportunity for failure and that the
huge breakthrough that we heard with
with the MacBook was to replace all of
those parts with just one part and at
one part we called the unibody we
figured out a way of being able to make
make make the notebook fundamentally
thinner lighter more robust and with
with sort of a degree of of fit and
finish that we've we've never even
dreamed of before and the only way to
make that one part was to machine it
from a single piece of aluminium I love
the way that we don't reserve our very
best ideas for our you know the very
highest end products that our very best
ideas all of our innovation we bring to
the most popular Mac that we make when
you start using it when you start
putting your photographs on it when you
start working on your personal projects
it becomes so much more than just a
collection of parts we've refined and
refined every detail in the service of
the user just to get rid of complexity
if something doesn't need to be there
it's not there when I don't know how we
could make something any more essential
any any simpler than then then you might
go
our goals for the first iMac and the
goals for this iMac they've they've not
really changed at all you know they're
they're all about trying to create an
all-in-one product based on amazing
technology but making it very very
simple this new iMac really is an
evolution of a product that was so right
in so many ways when we first released
it
the entire front of the new iMac is just
dominated by this incredible new sixteen
by nine display we've actually figured
out a way of taking the glass right to
the very perimeter
it's just display and there no display
that's it I mean you are just completely
consumed by by that image there's not a
detail there that doesn't need to be
there there are no visual interruptions
distractions there's just no other noise
everything is about a display and
therefore everything is about your
content when you first see the mouse it
could not be any simpler but I love the
way that it scales from being something
that is that apparently simple so
actually being really remarkably
sophisticated I mean we've finally
figured out how to take the multi-touch
technology and implement it on a mouse
it's still a point-and-click mouse but
now the entire top surface of the mouse
is is basically it's a multi-touch
sensor this is the smartest Mouse we've
ever made there's a chip inside that
acts essentially as a brain as you put
your fingers on the top shelf it can
determine where they're located how many
you have and through your gesture your
movement it can determine what your
intent is you can scroll anywhere on
that top surface you can see why it it
is incredibly intuitive I mean you can
use it without thought you know it's
just the way that you would have
expected the mouse should have always
worked
the core ideas the founding ideas of the
iMac are as relevant and as right now as
they were you know with the first one
and so rather than just you know being
consumed by reinvention this is one of
those fantastic opportunities to to be
very clear about what's right and that
we don't want to change so that we can
put all of our energy behind improving
those aspects of the product that we can
make better and that's what this iMac
represents it's it's a collection of our
very best thinking our our very best
innovation
with the new MacBook Air we wanted to
design and build an incredibly mobile
product but without compromise
everything that we've learned designing
really powerful notebooks and everything
that we've learned designing really
small mobile devices culminates in the
new MacBook Air it's true when something
exceeds your ability to understand how
it works it sort of becomes magical and
and that's exactly what the iPad is it's
hard to see how something so simple is
so thin and so light could possibly be
so capable the face of the product is
pretty much defined by a single piece of
multi-touch glass and that's it there's
no pointing device there isn't even a
single orientation there is no app is no
down there is no right or wrong way of
holding it I don't have to change myself
to fit the product it fits me one who is
clearly way bigger than Justin this is a
new category but yet millions and
millions of
are going to be instantly familiar with
it they're going to know how to use in
many ways this list defines our vision
of sense with iPad tuned we've made
advances in both form and function that
are so significant and far-reaching I
can't think of a product that has
defined an entire category and has then
been completely redesigned in such a
short period of time the iPad tube
really is defined by the display there
were just no distractions
by reducing what were essentially three
surfaces to two we got rid of the
structural wall around the perimeter of
the product and eliminated the edge it's
not only more comfortable to hold but
with the breakthroughs we've made with
unibody engineering it's rigid sturdy
and even more precise while the back of
the product is made of durable aluminium
we want you to figure out a way to
protect the display without compromising
the IPF size and weight so rather than
developing a separate case we created a
cover at the same time that we were
actually designing the iPad the two are
made to work together it attaches
magnetically their lines perfectly and
it's just as easy to remove when the
iPad detects you've opened the cover it
immediately wakes from sleep and when
you close the cover
it could get back to sleep you can also
fold the cover to create a stand for
typing or watching a video and the
microfiber internal lining was even
designed to help keep the display theme
there are 10 colors 5 and polyurethane
and 5 in a beautiful aniline dyed
leather
we're constantly working to refine and
improve to simplify to make something
thinner and lighter and yet at the same
time increasing its functionality the
original iPad defined a category and I
think that iPad 2 will really define
that category for years to come

iPhone 4 is so much more than just
another new product I mean this will
have a lasting impact on the way that we
actually connect with each other

and we've started with completely
opposing goals and we wanted to make
this iPhone more capable we wanted to
add more feature and yet at the same
time we wanted to make it smaller and
even thinner and that led to some really
surprising innovation and we developed
an entirely new grade of stainless steel
that after machining is incredibly
strong but also remarkably precise the
steel frame functions as the antenna but
also the primary structure giving us
more internal volume we also developed a
custom glass that's comparable in
strength to sapphire crystal but about
thirty times harder than plastic this
glass is not only used on the front of
the phone but also on the back
the quality of the materials the
manufacturing precision the advanced
technology ultimately all of this
becomes relevant when you just hold it
in your hand to create something that's
that's genuinely new you have to to
start again and I think with great
intent you disconnect from the past the
new MacBook Pro is built for the very
highest levels of performance it's
incredibly powerful and yet remarkably
portable it's without them the very best
computer that we've ever built
the new MacBook Pro would seem to be a
complete contradiction it's built for
extreme levels of performance but at the
same time it's remarkably portable to
create air we rigorously questioned the
ways in which we've designed and built
our portable products in the past one of
the most significant challenges was
completely changing our approach to the
design of the display by building the
layers of the display into the unibody
we actually eliminated the need for a
separate cover glass and without the
additional layers without the
distractions you're just completely
immersed in your content by not
purchasing standard parts but by
designing an engineering components from
the ground up we can create a product
that is more elegant and it's more
efficient and there are many design
innovations in the new MacBook Pro that
users won't actually see but they'll
certainly experience for example the
thermal system which enables the
machines incredible performance operates
in a way that is nearly imperceptible to
the user air is pulled into vents and
propelled through sculpted cavities by
fans with a symmetrically positioned
blades in most fans the blades are
positioned symmetrically which creates a
single identifiable frequency we
position the Owls asymmetrically to
spread the sound over a variety of
frequencies which makes it seem quieter
and less intrusive every part of the
enclosure makes a contribution that
directly benefits the user the vents are
also part of the structural system
creating strong beams that actually
increase the rigidity of the overall
product
it truly takes an obsessive approach to
make a product this meticulously
designed and engineered with the new
MacBook Pro we set out to design
something extreme
and this led us to rethink everything
about our process everything about
what's essential to a notebook
and that meant that we could design the
very best computer for today and for the
future when you think about your iPhone
it's probably the object that you use
most in your life it's it's the product
that you have with you all the time with
this unique relationship people have
whether iphone we take changing it
really seriously we don't want to just
make a new phone we want to make a much
better phone iPhone 5 is the result of
this approach it's been completely
redesigned and for the first time ever
we've increased the size of the display
by making the screen taller but not
wider you can see more of your content
but still comfortably use it with one
hand and yet even with the larger
display iPhone 5 is the thinnest
lightest iPhone we've ever built along
with the experience of actually using it
what makes iPhone 5s so unique is how it
feels in your hand the materials has
been made with the the remarkable
precision with which it's been built
never before have we built a product
with this extraordinary level of fit and
finish we've developed manufacturing
processes that are our most complex and
ambitious
starting with the aluminium we machine
all of the surfaces of the enclosure we
then polish and texture them we then use
crystalline diamonds to cut the chamfers
it's so exact that you're left with a
near mirror finish these techniques
create a dramatic distinction between
the products lightly textured back and
it's a highly polished chamfered edge
this manufacturing precision extends to
how these many pieces seamlessly come
together the inlay of the product is
matched to the housing through a highly
sophisticated process with the part on a
conveyor two high-powered cameras take
pictures of the housing an instantaneous
analysis is done and then the best match
out of a possible 725 counts is
determined the variances from products
or products we now measure in microns we
believe that going to such extreme
lengths is the only way that we can
deliver this level of quality to create
the new iPhone we began with a design
that we really loved but to build it to
implement it we had to look way beyond
what we knew to be possible it took all
of our learning our best thinking to
realize something so simple so clear and
yet so truly extraordinary
the human ear is unique
those who are alike making one headphone
to fit everybody's ears would be like
trying to make one pair of shoes to fit
everybody's feet I mean it's impossible
but that's exactly what we've tried to
do with the new ear pods everything
about their design is focused on
delivering incredible sound and comfort
as part of an exhaustive research and
development effort we three
dimensionally scan hundreds of years and
looked for a commonality from that we
were able to determine a common volume
this was our starting point for
developing a form to fit a broad range
of ears the shape of the ear pod is
actually defined by the geometry of your
ear they rest comfortably in your ears
but they don't create a seal the way in
the air had Funston ear pods are
designed to intentionally direct sound
right into the area to optimize the
acoustics we've built in a series of
ports each with its own unique purpose a
port in the bag Tunes mid-range
frequencies and provides a consistent
listening experience from one person to
the next to provide rich powerful bass
we've built pulls into the stem that
actually work in sympathy with the
speaker by letting air flow in and out
of the acoustic chamber they relieve
pressure and allow the speaker to move
more freely producing a greater
low-frequency scene
sound is so important to the way that
you experience an Apple product so we
wanted to make a headphone that was
absolutely the very best it could be
from the very beginning the iPad was
designed to be very powerful very
capable but also remarkably simple to
use so our goal was to take all the
amazing things that you can do the
full-size iPad but pack them into a
product that is so much smaller and
that's what we did with the new iPad
Mini before that we had done was take
the original iPad and just reduce it all
that you would be aware of was was
everything that was just missing that
there is inherent loss in just reducing
a product inside and what we did was we
went back to the very beginning and we
took the time to design a product that
was a concentration of not a reduction
of the original
we felt strongly that 7.9 inches was
exactly the right display size but it
became clear that we had to reduce the
width of the borders so you can still
pick it up and easily use it with one
hand we have continued to develop our
unibody process there are essentially
two parts to the enclosure the glass
than the aluminium and that Junction
where the two parts actually come
together is incredibly important the
diamond cut chamfer meets seamlessly
with the glass and I think it's a
beautiful detail that further reduces
paths and actually makes it more durable
we also designed an entirely new Smart
Cover for the iPad Mini by eliminating
the separate aluminium hinge we now
essentially wrap the iPad Mini in a
single simple colored material
all of these efforts combined to make a
product that is incredibly thin and
light and has absolutely remarkable
levels of fit and finish and I think the
result is an extraordinary iPad one that
will be used in so many different places
in so many different ways
you
we have always thought of design as
being so much more than just the way
something looks it's the whole thing the
way something actually works on so many
different levels ultimately of course
design defines so much of our experience
you
I think there is a profound and enduring
beauty in simplicity in clarity in
efficiency true simplicity is derived
from so much more than just the absence
of clutter and ornamentation it's about
bringing order to complexity ios7 is a
clear representation of these goals
it has a whole new structure and that is
coherent and that is applied across the
entire system
we've considered the tiniest details
like refining the typography to much
larger ones by redesigning MB icons and
developing a grid system allowed us to
achieve a much more harmonious
relationship between individual elements
we've also incorporated a whole new
palette of colors
distinct functional layers help
establish hierarchy and order and the
use of translucency gives you a sense of
your context these plains combined with
new approaches to animation and motion
create a sense of depth and vitality
the iPhone responding to your movements
drives the parallax to create a whole
new experience of depth
in many ways we've tried to create an
interface that is unobtrusive and
differential one where the design
recedes and in doing so actually
elevates your content even the simple
act of changing your wallpaper has a
very noticeable effect on the way your
iPhone looks and feels across the entire
system
while ios7 is completely new it was
important to us to make it instantly
familiar
we wanted to take an experience that
people know very well and actually add
to it to make it more useful to make it
more enjoyable the iPhone 5c is in many
ways the distillation of what people
love about the iPhone 5 it's simpler
more essential it is more capable and
certainly more colorful we believe the
iPhone is an experience and experience
is defined by hardware and software
working harmoniously together we
continue to refine that experience
dramatically blurring the boundaries
between the two making it more powerful
more intuitive and ultimately more
usable iPhone 5c is beautifully
unapologetically plastic
multiple parts have been reduced to a
single polycarbonate component whose
surface is continuous and seamless I
think that designs with a real coherence
are the result of developing formed
material and color in unison each
element in forming and in many ways
defining the other creating a
significant and a meaningful design just
as with its appearance we took the same
fanatical care with how the iPhone 5c
feels in your hand that sense of quality
and integrity that's synonymous with the
iPhone that meant developing the design
by creating a whole new structural
architecture it starts with a single
piece of polycarbonate into which we
install a steel reinforced frame
creating a bespoke assembly that doubles
as an antenna we then add the rear plate
we then machine holes for the buttons
ensuring perfect alignment and then the
entire assembly goes through multiple
finishing processes including a clear
lacquer hard coat that creates a durable
an incredibly glossy surface this whole
process culminates in an extraordinarily
and a solid dense field that you would
not expect from a plastic product from
the beginning we wanted to design cases
as colorful and as well made as the
iPhone itself the soft matte microfiber
line silicone is a very intentional
contrast to the glossy hard coat finish
of the iPhone the result is a case that
extends and complements the product
while offering dozens of colorful
combinations I think it's quite
remarkable when something feels familiar
and yet its new at the same time
that's the iPhone 5c it's the vivid
realization of hardware and software
together in one device
we're often faced with a paradox when we
design to make products smaller and
lighter while at the same time more
powerful the more we reduce a product's
physical volume the more difficult it
becomes to increase its power and
maintain its battery life but if we can
overcome these challenges we can make
something without compromising iPad air
is just 7.5 millimeters thin and weighs
only 1 pound we actually started work on
this product years ago designing and
engineering the primary technologies
that would be necessary to make it
the new a7 chip is incredibly powerful
and also very power efficient because of
this efficiency the battery could get
smaller yet critically without any loss
in battery life and of course by
reducing the battery size the product
became significantly lighter we reduce
the dimensions of the bezel with less
mass the iPad air still retains its
structural rigidity there's a simplicity
to it but there's nothing precious about
it this integrity this durability
inspires confidence in a product that's
meant to be taken places handled and
really use
the iPad has always been a tool defined
by the ways people actually use it the
iPad air is so capable and powerful and
yet with its breakthrough size and
weight is the thinnest lightest and also
the most advanced iPad we've ever built
a truly great product is ultimately
defined by the integration of this
hardware and software developing an
iPhone with a larger and more advanced
display launch one of the most
significant design and engineering
efforts since we introduced the original
product with a 4.7 inch display iPhone 6
becomes taller and wider we made the
design dramatically thinner while
developing a smooth continuous surface
that is comfortable to both hold and use
we're also introducing iPhone 6 plus
with a larger 5.5 inch display and with
the same continuous surfaces and
seamless material transitions as iPhone
6 it's very thin by creating iPhone 6
and iOS 8 together we've optimized the
physical design to enhance software
features the cover glass extends beyond
the top surface to seamlessly join the
aluminium unibody the result is hardware
and software defining a truly singular
experience
with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus we've
taken the time to do the deep
engineering to design and develop to
entirely new iPhones more significant
than just bigger and better displays the
design has never been so compelling
undoubtedly making this the biggest
advance in the iPhone since we launched
the original the new MacBook is the
result of a collective obsession to
simplify its essential components to
create the most efficient design
possible it's a product that couldn't
exist without invention across many
disciplines our full-size keyboard is
the most familiar comfortable and
accurate typing platform it defined the
width of the new MacBook to make it
thinner and more precise we created a
sturdy single assembly butterfly
mechanism combined with a new stainless
steel dome switch this reinforces the
keyboards balance and stability each
individual key is now led by a single
LED this enables better more deliberate
illumination a Retina display delivers
the very best viewing experience
to engineer the thinnest retina screen
for a Mac we've refined every component
from the glass down to the pixels he
delivers the vivid brightness and
performance you'd expect but in a design
that's thinner lighter and 30% more
power efficient we've designed a force
sensing multi-touch trackpad this adds a
new dimension of interaction touch
sensors make the entire glass surface
active force sensors measure a wide
range of pressure from the lightest tap
to the deepest press the pressure you
apply activates an electromagnet that
responds with tactile feedback so now
instead of just seeing what's happening
on the screen you feel it too
to make all-day battery life possible we
have developed new battery technologies
we actually changed the construction and
internal chemistry of the cells which
are now manufactured in discrete sheets
these sheets are stacked in a terraced
structure that was developed along with
the external enclosure the design allows
for 35 percent greater battery capacity
in this compact space to maximize
performance we took an extreme approach
to miniaturization components were
optimized and engineered to fit together
to create the highest density mag logic
board yet it's actually two-thirds
smaller than any we've designed perform
a fundamental goal was to eliminate the
need for vents fans or any moving parts
allowing it to operate in silence by
consolidating the antenna with the
bottom case we were able to design an
integrated aluminium hip
this innovation along with its unibody
enclosure makes this the first all-metal
MacBook
this product is not only thin and light
it's advanced wireless technologies make
it truly portable
when you actually need to plug in the
new USB type-c connector is a single
port for charging video output and data
transfer the result of all of this is a
product there's only thirteen point one
millimeters thick and weighs just two
pounds
to create the new MacBook we were
uncompromising in its design and
engineering we set a new standard for
portability while enhancing its
fundamental components to deliver what
we believe is the best MacBook yet you
know it's driven Apple from the
beginning this compulsion to take
incredibly powerful technology and make
it accessible relevant and ultimately
personal we've designed a range of
products so personal you don't put them
on your desk or in your pocket you wear
them on your wrist and we conceived
designed and developed Apple watch as a
completely singular product you know you
can't determine a boundary between the
physical object and the software we're
introducing an unparalleled level of
technical innovation combined with a
design that connects with the wearer at
an intimate level to both embrace
individuality and inspire desire
the watch senses that you're raising
your wrist and then activates the
display you see an organization of apps
that well knew is somehow familiar
navigation is fluid and vital magnifying
content on a small display is
fundamentally important so we've
developed a whole new interface specific
to the challenges associated with a
product this small the digital crown is
a remarkable input device it fluidly
zooms into apps it enables nimble
precise adjustment and critically you
can use it without obstructing the
display it's also the home button
apps are designed for lightweight
interaction smart replies and dictation
let you respond quickly to messages
glances let you swipe through
information efficiently and pressing the
button below the digital crown instantly
shows you friends you can contact in
just seconds and with digital touch
we've developed an entirely new way for
you to connect intimately with others
you can get someone's attention with a
gentle tap you can send a quick sketch
or you can even share something as
personal as your own heartbeat these are
subtle ways to communicate the
technology often inhibits rather than
enables
these apps all take advantage of the
flexible Retina display it's been
laminated to a machined and polished
single crystal of sapphire that's the
second hardest transparent material
after diamond in addition to the digital
crown we've had to invent other input
technologies designed specifically for a
product this small so as well as sensing
touch the display also sends his force
quite literally adding a new dimension
to the user interface tiny electrodes
around the display recognize the
difference between a tap and a press
this provides instant access to a whole
range of contextually specific controls
for the first time and with great
intention we've designed not only what
you see but also what you hear and feel
we've developed a linear actuator that
provides haptic feedback to complement
your interactions this taptic engine
combined with the audio feedback from a
water-resistant speaker creates a
discreet and nuanced experience at the
heart of the watch is a custom-designed
ship that integrates many subsystems
into one remarkably compact module which
is then completely encapsulated to
protect the electronics it's essentially
miniaturizing an entire computer system
onto a single chip
the zirconia back has for sapphire
lenses infrared visible light LEDs along
with photo sensors detect your pulse
rate using its gyroscope and
accelerometer and the GPS and Wi-Fi from
your iPhone the watch provides a
comprehensive picture of your daily
activity this allows it to establish and
suggest goals and reward fitness
milestones the back crystal also houses
a unique charging solution that combines
our Mac safe technology with inductive
charging completely sealed it requires
no alignment or expose contacts Apple
what is incredibly accurate it uses
multiple technologies keeping time to
plus or minus 50 milliseconds we have
worked closely with horological experts
from around the world to help us
understand the cultural and historical
significance of timekeeping and this has
profoundly informed our design
we know that wearing something all day
every day becomes as much about personal
preference and self-expression as
functionality so we've designed a range
of watch faces
you can personalize both their
appearance and their capability
personalization extends way beyond the
interface we have designed six different
straps and a mechanism that makes the
straps easily interchangeable with the
refinement and precision thus born of
functionality the sport band in a range
of bold colors is made from a tough
durable sweat and chemical resistant
high performance elastomer the leather
loop comes in a soft quilted leather
that conceals magnets for fastening and
adjustment we've used traditional
leather but in a new sports context
that's designed for optimum comfort
the supple handcrafted leather maudlin
buckle closes with a solid metal clasp
and wrapped symmetrically around the
wrist this important leather classic
buckle references traditional watch
vocabulary and the stainless steel link
bracelet as a slim deployment clasp that
is contained within a two point six
millimeter band the Milanese loop is
crafted from a fluid flexible stainless
steel mesh with a magnetic closure that
has an elegant simplicity and is
infinitely adjustable
now of course we knew one size wouldn't
for everyone so we've also developed a
smaller watch with matching smaller
straps from different cases and straps
we've actually created three distinct
collections the first Apple watch
features a polished case made from a
custom alloy of stainless steel
the spork collection has an EIN exchange
cover glass and an anodized aluminium
case that is 60% stronger than standard
alloys and yet it's incredibly light and
durable Apple watch edition is made from
eighteen karat gold that are
metallurgists have developed to be up to
twice as hard as standard gold
creating beautiful objects that are as
simple and pure as they are functional
well that's always been our goal at
Apple we designed Apple watch as a whole
range of products enabling millions of
unique designs unparalleled
personalization both in appearance and
capability I think we are now at a
compelling beginning actually designing
technology to be worn to be truly
personal
aluminium is naturally strong and
lightweight it's the ideal material for
an Apple watch sport our engineers have
custom designed a new Amelie it is 60%
stronger than standard alloys but just
as liked this requires precision alloy a
raw aluminium of exceptional purity is
first heated to a multi miss fames
tightly controlled amounts of magnesium
and zinc are then added as these
elements bind together they form a
protective compound that strengthens the
metal that alloy is then forward jet
cold and cast a high temperature
treatment minimizes uneven chemistry in
the billets and ensures proper grain
structure next a finely tuned extrusion
process creates a uniform surface free
of defects after being meticulously
formed each case is machined bust and
then textured with microscopic zirconia
beads to achieve a consistent satin
finish
finally anodizing creates a hard clear
outer layer that helps protect against
things and scratches
we believe this aluminium alloy sets a
new standard both in the way of performs
and the way it looks
stainless steel is both strong and
beautiful there's a reason it has long
been used to make fine watch cases for
Apple watch we start with an alloy of
stainless steel known for its strength
and corrosion resistance we then
customize it through a series of
alloying and processing steps to make it
even stronger while in its molten state
the composition of the metal is tightly
controlled to minimize impurities and
ensure hardness
this is followed by a specialized cold
forging process that helps to make the
metal up to 80% harder and less
susceptible to Nicks and scratches the
forgings are then machined in a 12
station multi-axis milling machine
achieving highly accurate uniformity
across the case its polished into a
pristine mirror finish for the space
black stainless steel an additional
diamond like carbon layer is added to
achieve a durable finish and a brilliant
appearance the vans receive the same
careful consideration
each links bracelet is made from more
than 140 individual parts the millones
loop is made from fine steel coils woven
together to create a flowing mesh with a
fabric like field
with stainless steel be given a
traditional material a new expression
we wanted to appeal to a wide range of
personal styles so with Apple watch
edition we're working with a uniquely
luxurious mental 18 carat solid gold
we're using both yellow and rose gold
each is a custom alloy designed to be
not only beautiful but up to twice as
hard as standard gold it begins at the
molecular level where precise
adjustments in the amount of silver
copper and palladium in the alloy
resulting very specific hues of yellow
and rose gold next we use a new
hardening process developed by our
metallurgists to strengthen a metal that
is naturally very soft the molten gold
is cars not into the shape of the watch
but into solid ingot
these ingots are then precisely milled
to remove any imperfections they're then
compressed to a fraction of their
original size creating dense pore free
billets ultrasonic scanners are used to
detect even the most minut defects in
the metal from these solid billets we
machine the watch housing as well as
individual components like the digital
crown and the clasps for our straps
finally each case is hand polished to an
immaculate shame by highly skilled
jewelry artisans the result is gold that
is elegant yet uncompromising
durable
with iPhone and multi-touch we
introduced a whole new way to interact
with technology
tapping swiping and pinching have
forever changed the way we navigate and
experience our digital world until now
these gestures have been defined by a
singular plane in two-dimensional space
five phones 6s and 6s plus we're
introducing an entirely new interaction
and a whole new dimension to the way you
experience your iPhone
it's made possible by a technology
called 3d touch this is the next
generation of multi-touch for the first
time along with recognizing familiar
gestures
my phone also recognizes force enabling
new gestures peek and pop 3d touch works
on the home screen giving you shortcuts
to the things you do frequently it also
works inside applications themselves
press lightly and it gives you a peek of
the content continue pressing and it
pops you into the content itself sensors
embedded in the display read how hard
you're pressing and react in a smooth
linear way
this is a dynamic system deeply
integrated into iOS 9 you can dip in and
out of where you are without losing a
sense of your context it provides
distinct tactile feedback for your
actions letting you know exactly what
you've done and what to expect while the
way that you use 3d touch is simple the
engineering behind it is some of our
most advanced at its heart are
capacitive sensors integrated into the
backlight of the retina HD display with
each press these sensors measure
microscopic changes in the distance
between the cover glass and the
backlight these measurements are then
combined with signals from the touch
sensor and accelerometer to provide fast
and accurate and continuous response to
finger pressure
for a truly communicative experience we
had to develop a more precise level of
haptic feedback by the vibrating system
on a typical phone requires ten or more
oscillations to reach full power the
taptic engine in iphone 6s reaches peak
output in just one cycle and stops just
as quickly this allows us to create
shorter more distinct feedback events
like a mini tap lasting just 10
milliseconds and a full tap which lasts
15 milliseconds
perhaps more than any other system we've
designed 3d touch is a clear example of
how hardware and software developed
together can work to define a singular
experience this is the next generation
of multi-touch it makes this iPhone the
most advanced iPhone we have ever
created with its scale with the way you
use it
iPad has always been uniquely immersive
to amplify this to put it on a much
larger scale we designed iPad pro
it begins with a 12 point 9 inch Retina
display on an iPad that remains
remarkably thin and light
it's the 78% more screen area iPad pro
not only transforms your viewing
experience it enables new ways of
creating and sharing
to give multi-touch a greater level of
precision we completely re-engineered
the touch subsystem increasing the
sensitivity of the sensors and doubling
the touch refresh rate it's actually the
most advanced display we've made and
with five point six million pixels it
has the highest resolution of any iOS
device
this is the first iPad to automatically
adjust the number of times the display
is refreshed depending upon what's on
the screen this leads to greater energy
efficiency and they will they battery
life you would expect
driving its high level of performance is
the powerful a 9 X chip it was
specifically designed for iPad pro and
to meet the demands of a much larger
display its size lets you do and see
more and it's precise multi-touch
technology allows for new forms of input
while enhancing the capabilities of iOS
9
to produce a rich audio experience
within this devices thin profile meant
developing an entirely new four speaker
architecture for the first time the
speaker housing is machined directly
into the unibody enclosure and sealed
with a carbon fiber cap it's four
speakers give iPad pro a powerful
acoustic output a dynamic range that the
far surpasses its size with people using
iPad in more and in different ways we
wanted to enhance his flexibility to do
this we've developed a new technology
it's magnetic contacts relay both power
and data bidirectionally so you can
easily connect compatible accessories
without the need for bluetooth or
batteries
iPad pro enables tools and interactions
that just haven't been possible before
iPad continues to transform the way we
do things
our goal in designing iPad pro was to
engineer a device that allows you to be
more productive more creative at an
entirely new scale
touch of course is the primary method of
interaction with iPad
to enhance what's possible with
multi-touch and to allow for a new level
of precision with iPad pro we've
designed Apple pencil this began by
re-engineering the touch subsystem of
the display to measure both finger and
stylus input on the same plane with
optimal accuracy when you're using the
pencil the system scans twice as often
allowing iPad pro to capture more points
in a single stroke
highly responsive sensors built into the
tip of Apple pencil work with the iPad
pro display to detect position force and
tilt with force data you can press
lightly to get a thin stroke or press
harder to get a darker bolder stroke
signals emitted from two locations in
the tip calculate the angle and
orientation to produce broad or shaded
strokes
it's unique tip signature allows it to
be used simultaneously with your finger
and with incredibly low latency it has a
responsiveness that feels like a true
writing or drawing instrument
while its battery lasts four hours of
use a lightning connector lets you
recharged by plugging directly into iPad
pro
Apple pencil is designed to look and
feel like a familiar tool
yet with his carefully engineered
technology working with our most
advanced multi-touch display
it delivers something extraordinary
precision that actually gives you the
ability to touch a single pixel
we have created a product that is the
most deliberate evolution of our
original founding design an aluminium
body and form sheet of glass describe a
singular shape one made with very few
very precisely engineered parts our
obsession remains to continuously
simplify and improve from sculpting the
camera housing directly out of the
aluminium body to embedding the antenna
within the enclosure essentially making
you disappear
each refinement serves to bring absolute
unity and efficiency to the design
to define one truly uninterrupted form
we've developed a whole new process to
achieve a high gloss black finish this
begins with rotational 3d polishing ball
a specialized compound flows over the
intricate geometries of the housing
removing imperfections establishing a
seamlessness between materials and
producing a pristine mirror like surface
the enclosure then goes through an
anodization process which creates a
protective oxide layer a single
component dye is absorbed through a
capillary effect to ensure maximum
saturation while actually becoming part
of the surface itself finally a
magnetized ultrafine iron particle path
is used to polish the anodized layer to
a superior high shine
when complete iPhone 7 is the most
singular the most involved with
representation of this design
the new MacBook Pro combines the
fundamental qualities of an ultra
portable device with uncompromising
performance with our new design the
products overall volume has been reduced
dramatically this results in an
extremely purposeful and powerful
creative tool
it has the best Retina display we've
ever put in a notebook a precisely
designed LED spectrum projects through a
metal oxide backplane this yields a
remarkably bright high contrast picture
with a wider color gamut the larger
force touch trackpad now provides an
expensive area for a whole range of
gestures we've continued to refine our
keyboard design to be more accurate and
efficient dome switches beneath each key
have been optimized for a more
responsive field we're introducing a new
way to interact with your notebook
a multi-touch bar provides a more
intuitive more immediate connection to
your content commands that were once
hidden and now visible easily accessible
and also customizable in each
application the most relevant controls
are displayed dynamically allowing you
to work with greater efficiency
this is also the first neck with touch
ID this seamless integration of hardware
and software is truly unique to Apple
the speakers have also been completely
redesigned to maximize air displacement
and project high fidelity room filling
sound at its core pro level processors
integrated with high speed system memory
and storage technologies make everything
you do faster and more responsive in a
notebook this powerful thermal
management is critical
thinner therapize space fan blades
propel air quietly through a nearly
solid structure
the new MacBook Pro achieves a design
that optimizes both performance and
portability it marks a milestone in the
evolution of the Mac
we believe in a wireless future a future
where all of your devices intuitively
connect this belief drove the design of
our new wireless air pods
they have been made possible with the
development of the new apple design w1
chip it is the first of its kind to
produce intelligent high efficiency
playback while delivering a consistent
and reliable connection infrared sensors
detect when each air pod is in your ear
so they only play once you're ready to
listen
motion accelerometers also respond to
your touch allowing you to access Siri
with a double tap when you're speaking
voice accelerometers recognize the
vibration and source of your voice then
working with a pair of beamforming
microphones reduce external noise each
air pod provides up to 5 hours of
listening on a single charge
while the compact wireless charging case
delivers more than 24 hours of battery
life the w1 chip enables intelligent
connection to all your Apple devices and
allows you to instantly switch between
whichever one you're using
and of course the new wireless airports
deliver incredible sound
we're just at the beginning of a truly
wireless future we've been working
towards for many years where technology
enables the seamless and automatic
connection between you and your devices
we're a small design team we've worked
together for 20-25 years one of the
things that we've learned is the
importance of listening because as we
all know the very best ideas can very
often come from the quietest voice ideas
are extremely fragile ideas are not
predictable in terms of when you'll have
them and how many you're gonna have and
so over the years we've really created a
team and an environment that I think
really increases the probability of good
ideas and when they actually arrive I
think nurtures them the design studio
really is a workshop we design
three-dimensional objects and we make
lots and lots of models and prototypes
designing and making really should be
inseparable for every finished product
that you see tools had to be designed
process had to be created and
experimented with we've worked very hard
to create a singular studio that has all
of these different facets the hallmark
of the group has been to be inquisitive
and ask an awful lot of questions we
have really made it a practice to just
have our heads down and work and ignore
in some senses all the reasons why
something shouldn't be possible this
book captures a point in time of
incredible transitions and quite
shocking change you understand the
nature of an object so much more when
you understand how it came to be the
book tells dozens and dozens of stories
you see momentum you see learning of
course as designers you live in the
future it's not that we are not
interested in the work we've done before
it's just we are so consumed by what we
haven't done yet
